Add note for issue 51692 to source generator cookbooks (#76818)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/features/incremental-generators.cookbook.md

</ItemGroup>
```

> Note that MSBuild properties passed to source generators via `CompilerVisibleProperty` are currently dumped verbatim into and read from an INI file, [resulting in data loss for non-trivial property values](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/51692). One possible workaround is to use a build task to apply a transport encoding preventing the data loss; as an example a semicolon separated list can be converted to a space separated list (`;` is the INI comment character):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that MSBuild properties passed to source generators via `CompilerVisibleProperty` are written into and read from an editorconfig file, [resulting in data loss for non-trivial property values](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/51692). One possible workaround is to use a build task to apply a transport encoding preventing the data loss; as an example a semicolon separated list can be converted to a space separated list (`;` is the editorconfig comment character):
```
